Update guides and config reference - Closes #1278 (#1305)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/docker.adoc

----

This will stop Lisk Service.

== Show status of Docker containers

[source,bash]
----
docker ps
----

== Logging

> To check the logs for the different microservices of Lisk Service, use the command `docker container logs CONTAINER`, where `CONTAINER` is the respective Docker container you want to see the logs of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the logs for the different microservices of Lisk Service, use the command `docker container logs CONTAINER`, where `CONTAINER` is the respective Docker container that holds the logs you wish to view.
```
